docs: Add section about mapping modules (#36)
eik-lib/eik-lib.github.io: docs/mapping_plugins.md

---
id: mapping_plugins
title: Build Tool Plugins
sidebar_label: Build Tool Plugins
---

> Eik provide a set of build tool plugins which cater for applying Import Maps ahead of time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Eik provides a set of build tool plugins that cater for applying Import Maps ahead of time. 
```

The common functionallity of these plugins is that they will, if found, load the `eik.json` in a project and fetch the defined Import Maps and then apply these to the code the build tool is processing.

> When using a build tool to apply an Import Map ahead of time, the build process should be run before a module is published to a Eik server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using a build tool to apply an Import Map ahead of time, the build process should be run before a module is published to an Eik server.
```
